docs: revamp the HAL/FAL documents (#9)
NI-Measurement-Plug-Ins/abstraction-layer-labview: Docs/FAL Docs/FAL in Measurement Plug-Ins.md

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1204a082-d9a0-4fce-af8c-eb4f53489e9a)
Where is the base class?

Reviewer: Can we add a block diagram for HAL and FAL. generic Block diagram that can be used in Python.
Instrument base class and its structure of child class. This will help in understanding the LV class hierarchy mentioned in steps to implement section.

## Pre-requisites

> - Intermediate working experience in [LabVIEW - Object-Oriented Programming (OOP)](https://www.ni.com/en/support/documentation/supplemental/06/labview-object-oriented-programming--the-decisions-behind-the-de.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Intermediate-level expertise in [LabVIEW - Object-Oriented Programming (OOP)](https://www.ni.com/en/support/documentation/supplemental/06/labview-object-oriented-programming--the-decisions-behind-the-de.html).
```

- Understanding of the [session management](https://www.ni.com/docs/en-US/bundle/measurementplugins/page/session-management.html) in the measurement plug-ins.

> - Fundamental knowledge of FAL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fundamentals of FAL.
```

        ![Close MeasurementLink Session](<FAL Images/KeysightDmm Close MeasurementLink Session.png>)

    > [!NOTE]

>     > The function methods can vary based on the required functionality and hence, users can have their own function methods defined for both the function interfaces and child classes respectively.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2d101c55-587a-4245-9b08-e83a8476d431)
Please check for alignment.

9. Copy the VIs under [Reusables](https://github.com/NI-Measurement-Plug-Ins/abstraction-layer-labview/tree/main/Source/FAL%20Implementation/FAL/Reusables) folder.
    1. Update the base path in the `Get Instrument Path.vi` to specify the actual name of the directory containing the child class folders instead of `Instrument_Models`. This VI is used to get the path to the child class directory by providing the `instrument_type_id` of the child class.  
        ![Get Instrument Path](<./FAL Images/Get Instrument Path.png>)
    > [!NOTE]

>     > The expected folder structure for any FAL-based measurement plug-in should have the `Reusables` folder parallel to the `Instruments` folder, which contains the instrument base and child classes.

Reviewer: Please check for alignment in all Notes in both docs.
